README.md, before:

# Fish 1.1.0

![Fish](https://i.imgur.com/nQ45dEy.png "Fish")
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/aarav2you/Fish/total?branch=master&label=Downloads&logo=GitHub&logoColorr=ffffff&labelColor=282828&color=informational&style=flat)
![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Forks&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&color=informational&style=flat)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Repo%20Size&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&style=flat)]()
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Requirements](https://img.shields.io/requires/github/aarav2you/Fish?label=Requirements&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/815516003034857522?label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=7289DA&color=2c2f33)

## About
Fish is a phishing tool that inhabits a collection of webpages *(currently only Outlook)*. It tries to replicate webpages as closely as possible for a hard to distinguish phishing page.
## Features
#### Outlook
- Up-to-date outlook phishing page.
- Easily configurable, with a startup script.
- Has a menu that can be used to select the up-coming options (with color!).
- Can use any domain including but not limited to `Ngrok`, `Freenom`, `GoDaddy` etc.
- Has built-in option to install and use ngrok for a free public domain.
- Uses flask. Has options in the start-up script to configure the host and port.

## Installation 
#### Clone the repo:
`$ git clone https://github.com/aarav2you/Fish.git`


------------

#### Go into the repo:
`$ cd Fish/`

------------

#### Run fish.py
`$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

`$ python fish.py`

------------

## Great! How do I use it?
You can specify the values it asks for when executing the `app.py`. Leaving the settings on default is the best option (just press ⏎). Refer to the table below for all values:

| `Enter redirect URL`  	| The link it will redirect the victim to after credentials have been logged in `Log.txt`. `Default: https://www.office.com/?auth=2` 	|
|---------------------- 	|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Flask server host`   	| The local IP your flask server will run on. `Default: 127.0.0.1`                                                                    |
| `Flask server port`   	| The port your flask server will run on. `Default: 80`                                                                               |
| `Use ngrok`           	| This uses `nGrok`to to forward the phishing page to a public domain. More on this [here][1]. `Default: n`                           |                        	

## Contribution
We have built this with our ❤️. If you would like to contribute, please fork our project and send us a pull request for the [Dev][2] branch. If you would like to suggest, please open an issue with the label **Enhancement**.

## Authors
Made lovingly by [aarav2you][3] and [Kritagyaispro][4]

## Issues
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Issues&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&style=flat)]()
[![GitHub Closed Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Closed%20Issues&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&style=flat)]()
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Issues&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&color=informational&style=flat)]()

---
>*Ngrok is not made by us nor do we claim ownership. Rights of Ngrok goes to their  respective owners.* 

###### More to come soon...

[1]: https://ngrok.com "here"
[2]: https://github.com/aarav2you/Fish/tree/dev "Dev"
[3]: https://github.com/aarav2you "aarav2you"
[4]: https://github.com/Kritagyaispro "Kritagyaispro"

Commit message:

📖Added to README.MD/🧹Cleaned requirements.txt
📖Fixed the table and added reference to contributing guidelines.

🧹Removed unnecessary packages

README.md, after:

# Fish 

![Fish](https://i.imgur.com/nQ45dEy.png "Fish")
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/aarav2you/Fish/total?branch=master&label=Downloads&logo=GitHub&logoColorr=ffffff&labelColor=282828&color=informational&style=flat)
![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Forks&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&color=informational&style=flat)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Repo%20Size&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&style=flat)]()
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Requirements](https://img.shields.io/requires/github/aarav2you/Fish?label=Requirements&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/815516003034857522?label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=7289DA&color=2c2f33)

## About
Fish is a phishing tool that inhabits a collection of webpages *(currently only Outlook)*. It tries to replicate webpages as closely as possible for a hard to distinguish phishing page.
## Features
#### Outlook
- Up-to-date outlook phishing page.
- Easily configurable, with a startup script.
- Has a menu that can be used to select the up-coming options (with color!).
- Can use any domain including but not limited to `Ngrok`, `Freenom`, `GoDaddy` etc.
- Has built-in option to install and use ngrok for a free public domain.
- Uses flask. Has options in the start-up script to configure the host and port.

## Installation 
#### Clone the repo:
`$ git clone https://github.com/aarav2you/Fish.git`


------------

#### Go into the repo:
`$ cd Fish/`

------------

#### Run fish.py
`$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

`$ python fish.py`

------------

## Great! How do I use it?
You can specify the values it asks for when executing the `app.py`. Leaving the settings on default is the best option (just press ⏎). Refer to the table below for all values:

| `Enter redirect URL` | The link it will redirect the victim to after credentials have been logged in `credentials.log`. `Default: https://www.office.com/?auth=2` 	|
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Flask server host`  | The local IP your flask server will run on. `Default: 127.0.0.1`                                                                    |
| `Flask server port`  | The port your flask server will run on. `Default: 80`                                                                               |
| `Use ngrok`          | This uses `nGrok`to to forward the phishing page to a public domain. More on this [here][1]. `Default: n`                           |                        	

## Contribution
We have built this with our ❤️. If you would like to contribute, please read [how to contribute/contributing guidelines](https://github.com/aarav2you/Fish/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.md). If you would like to suggest, please open an issue with the label **Enhancement**.

## Authors
Made lovingly by [aarav2you][3] and [Kritagyaispro][4] and others who contributed!

## Issues
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Issues&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&style=flat)]()
[![GitHub Closed Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Closed%20Issues&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&style=flat)]()
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/aarav2you/Fish?branch=master&label=Issues&logo=GitHub&logoColor=ffffff&labelColor=282828&color=informational&style=flat)]()

---
>*Ngrok is not made by us nor do we claim ownership. Rights of Ngrok goes to their  respective owners.* 

###### More to come soon...

[1]: https://ngrok.com "here"
[2]: https://github.com/aarav2you/Fish/tree/dev "Dev"
[3]: https://github.com/aarav2you "aarav2you"
[4]: https://github.com/Kritagyaispro "Kritagyaispro"
